d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe.config
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.pdb
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV_Analyzer.Form1.resources
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV_Analyzer.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.pdb
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
d:\david.berry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe.config
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.pdb
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.exe
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\WAV Analyzer.pdb
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV_Analyzer.Form1.resources
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV_Analyzer.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV Analyzer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
D:\david.berry\Documents\GitHub\WAV-Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\WAV Analyzer\obj\Debug\WAV_Analyzer.RenderPanel.resources
